OK so I want to talk about some extra features we have with every writer.
I wouldn't talk about such.
Remember that we were using exact to fix the problem with the droughts.
Well we have a different option but this we have something that calls such.
So I'm going to do a search right here.
Going to bring switch from re-act rider.
OK.
So what do we need to do.
We need to wrap everything inside switch.
Just going to do it right now.
And this is just like a regular switch invented jazz.
So with the switch is just going to check the or else.
And if it's there's no match it's going to go to the next one and then in the next one and then the
next one.
Of course the problem with this is that if you have on your L that it's really really specific This
one should go on the top so he can match first.
So that's something that we need to do.
I'm going to go right here first one this one is really specific going to go in profile and this one
right here.
This one is going to be the index.
It's the more of a global one.
So I'm going to leave that one at the ends so if I go to home get home it go to posts.
We get posts.
Same thing with profile.
And if I go to posts for Slash something that's working that's good.
OK.
One more thing.
What happens if you want to use a 4 0 4 kind of a page not found.
OK.
So what we can do.
Oh and I'm going to really the exact I forgot to do that on the show that is still working.
Post profile and everything else.
So if you have a four for round up I made a I made a for for component before recording the video just
to save time.
So whenever I just that there is no match inside the routes it should be going to this 4 or 4.
No it's just a page not found.
So what we can do we can again just set around for this.
Inside the switch and the path is going to be pretty much all with the asterisks which is pretty much
we are saying right here that it should match all the analysis should be this should be run running
on all the rails and the component that should be should the showing is going to be the page not found
component.
I just created.
So I'm going to copy that.
Not found.
Go right here.
OK.
If I go to home it's going to show home and if I just type any or just a dummy Eurail whatever is going
to show.
So the thing I said Riak router the Ivory's we are Roder the Bushin number for just a few months ago
and we actually we we used to have used the version number three and that one could have worked nicely.
This one has a lot of books and they are just kind of fixing fixing the books along the way.
So the switch is going to fix and exact.
It's kind of a fix.
So everything works best with some books.
So if we won this notice that is a switch.
So when we reach the fourth flash this means it's kind of a global and it matches whatever you're out.
So what do we need to do.
Again we use the exact
Just like we did before.
But this just for the home and everything else is just working fine.
We have the four or four.
If you go to oppose home everything else works fine.
OK.
Let's go with something else.
Right now we are using the pretty much the default format for you or else.
What happens if you want to use a different one if you come from framework's like angular.
Or number one for example.
If you remember you have kind of the you are as kind of a force Slash has a knack for Slash.
So you're using hashes as well.
So we can do this.
We can still do this instead of browser router.
I'm going to import hash router.
So if I go to hash router and plays that you are l it's going to be hash.
I go to profile is profile hash posts hash or not really go back home hash posts profile and everything
else.
I think this is going to work with a hash.
Let's get now.
What happens if you don't want to have to mutate the state for example of the of the Eurail.
You can still do that.
It's we need to import something else that it's called Memory router.
So the memory router is going to keep everything in memory.
You know this is not just like a it's not a real Eurail just behind the scenes.
So instead of just showing it's not showing anything it's doing everything behind the scenes.
So if you go to posts it's taken me two posts but it's not updating the URL.
And if you go to profile.
Same idea.
All right let's get a different way to do things.
It's up to you.
I pretty much I use always the I always use the default one the common one and that's it.
You know the again this is just up to you.
We have one more.
I have one more feature I want to show you.
We have the map link.
You can go right here and import Napp link.
It's going to be not link and I'm going to bring the browser router.
Again just because I just like that one.
OK.
So the Napp link.
It's really awesome.
Instead of having the link the nobbling It's like a replacements for link.
If we have a nap and nap just inside the.
So instead of using the link I'm going to use link going to go right here and just nothing is going
to reload the page and everything else is just going to be the same.
The thing is that with Netlink it's going to give us two different properties we can use for example
if we are home we can go to the snap link and pass two different options one.
The first one is going to be active style.
So if the euro matches with the link is going to change the it's going to add some styles and then we
have a different option that is going to be active class name.
Again if it matches it's going to add a class to that element to that link.
So if I go and say active style it's going to be equal to collaborators and in react to adding classes
dynamically just in.
I need to put everything into curly braces so I want to change the color.
I'm going to say color and the corner is going to be red.
So when the page loads the home is going to be read to go to posts.
Of course we need to set all the routes.
I'm just going to do it right now for fun.
So it's if it's active.
OK well there's something happening.
I believe that this is the exact thing the exact that we are using right now.
It's one of the books I was telling you I just discovered maybe a bug.
Well that's fine whatever.
Then they go back and just use the To.
Whatever you want whenever you are just there is a match with an Aveling you just it's going to change
the color whatever.
OK.
So the next one is going to be active class name is going to go right here and it says active class
name.
And I would use this one.
The other one is really buggy.
So like this one is going to be selected.
OK.
So if I just reload the page to go to home I go to home and I just inspect everything.
It's going to go OK.
It's going to go home and it's going to have a class of selected.
So again I'm leaving.
I believe that it's kind of a failing because of the exact and the paths that we have right here.
Maybe we will need to use to use that workaround.
OK.
I want to show you something else.
I'm going to give you a link of the guides for the Riak router.
If you have the right here the guides.
So it's nice to have you have a lot of information and you have a lot of features.
So if you want to just take a look you can go to react training Riak router and you have the right here
at the API.
OK.
Let's change the subject.
What's going to talk about something else we're going to talk about something that it's really important
for react.
It's going to be in life cycles.